# DSSC-FC-MVP

This project is based on the research and implementation of the ML algorithms on financial data which is conducted under the name of fictional company called Data Science Solution Company (DSSC). The main objective of this report is to deliver a minimum viable product (MVP) for the client company called Financial Company (FC) which offers financial consultation to the clients who want to invest in stocks. Therefore, we have carried out this project to use the AI/ML model in the stock market data for predicting the stock price and provide the recommendation to the users. We are carrying this project with the assumption that the stock market trend will follow certain pattern which will recur after certain time period. So based on this assumption and the historical data of the stock price, we can predict the future price of that stock and hence recommend the users of our system based on the result
You are currently working as a WIL project student at our college and therefore you are an employee of our WIL Office. WIL Office acts as a parent company for many fictional companies that will be used in one or more cases during your WIL project semester. Each week, you will be given a case study that belongs to a fictional company. Some weeks may use the same fictional company and some weeks may introduce new ones. In today’s market, many organizations offer services to multiple clients. To make your WIL project experience as close as possible to real activities in an organization, we have planned this hybrid structure to let you develop the hard and soft skills needed to work with multiple companies at the same time.  
 
 
You will be provided with additional information about the organization each week and be asked to document your responses to several key deliverables.  Each case study presented is associated with a relevant topic and realistic situation relevant to your field of study. Case studies will provide practice in analyzing and making decisions in a work environment. 
